docs/c4-architecture/index.md, before:

# C4 Model: Nível 1 - Contexto do Sistema - Energy Compliance Analyzer

Este diagrama mostra o sistema Energy Compliance Analyzer em seu ambiente, interagindo com usuários e outros sistemas externos.

```mermaid
C4Context
  title "Contexto do Sistema para o Energy Compliance Analyzer"

  Actor(user, "Usuário", "Engenheiros, analistas ou consultores do setor elétrico que precisam verificar a conformidade de dados de qualidade de energia.")

  System_Boundary(analyzer_boundary, "Energy Compliance Analyzer") {
    System(energyAnalyzer, "Energy Compliance Analyzer", "Plataforma web para upload, análise de conformidade de dados de qualidade de energia elétrica com base nas normas ANEEL, e geração de relatórios interativos.")
  }

  System_Ext(googleAI, "Google AI (Gemini)", "Serviço de IA generativa (LLM) usado para análise de dados, identificação de normas, geração e revisão de relatórios, e chat interativo.")
  System_Ext(firebase, "Firebase Platform", "Plataforma do Google que fornece autenticação, banco de dados (Firestore, RTDB), armazenamento de arquivos (Storage), e ambiente para execução de código em backend (Functions & App Hosting).")

  Rel(user, energyAnalyzer, "Usa", "HTTPS")
  Rel(energyAnalyzer, googleAI, "Utiliza para processamento de IA", "API Calls")
  Rel(energyAnalyzer, firebase, "Hospedado em e utiliza serviços de", "SDKs, APIs")

  UpdateElementStyle(user, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(13, 105, 184)", $borderColor="rgb(13, 105, 184)")
  UpdateElementStyle(energyAnalyzer, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(28, 128, 74)", $borderColor="rgb(28, 128, 74)")
  UpdateElementStyle(googleAI, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)", $borderColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)")
  UpdateElementStyle(firebase, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)", $borderColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)")
```

[Próximo Nível: Diagrama de Contêineres (C2)](./c2-containers.md)

Commit message:

review the c4 files and change everything to US English

docs/c4-architecture/index.md, after:

# C4 Model: Level 1 - System Context - Energy Compliance Analyzer

This diagram shows the Energy Compliance Analyzer system in its environment, interacting with users and other external systems.

```mermaid
C4Context
  title "System Context for the Energy Compliance Analyzer"

  Actor(user, "User", "Engineers, analysts, or consultants in the electrical sector who need to verify the compliance of power quality data.")

  System_Boundary(analyzer_boundary, "Energy Compliance Analyzer") {
    System(energyAnalyzer, "Energy Compliance Analyzer", "Web platform for uploading, analyzing compliance of electrical power quality data against ANEEL standards, and generating interactive reports.")
  }

  System_Ext(googleAI, "Google AI (Gemini)", "Generative AI service (LLM) used for data analysis, standards identification, report generation and review, and interactive chat.")
  System_Ext(firebase, "Firebase Platform", "Google's platform providing authentication, database (Firestore, RTDB), file storage (Storage), and backend code execution environment (Functions & App Hosting).")

  Rel(user, energyAnalyzer, "Uses", "HTTPS")
  Rel(energyAnalyzer, googleAI, "Utilizes for AI processing", "API Calls")
  Rel(energyAnalyzer, firebase, "Hosted on and uses services of", "SDKs, APIs")

  UpdateElementStyle(user, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(13, 105, 184)", $borderColor="rgb(13, 105, 184)")
  UpdateElementStyle(energyAnalyzer, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(28, 128, 74)", $borderColor="rgb(28, 128, 74)")
  UpdateElementStyle(googleAI, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)", $borderColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)")
  UpdateElementStyle(firebase, $fontColor="white", $bgColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)", $borderColor="rgb(100, 100, 100)")
```

[Next Level: Container Diagram (C2)](./c2-containers.md)
